hello and welcome to another episode of
movie spoiler alerts today we'll be
talking about the 2008 film Kung Fu
Panda the first Kung Fu Panda film so
let's get started the film follows a
giant panda named po who lives with his
goose father mr. ping and works in a
noodle restaurant po is a kung fu
fanatic who idolizes the Furious Five
composed of crane mantis monkey tigress
and Viper all of whom are kung-fu
warriors led by Master Shifu po wishes
to become a master himself we find Grand
Master Oogway master Shi Fu's mentor has
had a vision of Shi Fu's adoptive son
and former student Tai Lung that will
escape from prison and come back to the
Valley of Peace to take revenge for
being denied the Dragon scroll the
dragon scroll has been told to have the
secret of limitless power
Shifu concerned about Tai lungs possible
escape sends a goose messenger to warn
the guards however one of the feathers
from the goose falls and Tai Lung is
able to escape from prison while this is
all going on
Shifu holds a kung fu tournament in the
hopes of identifying the mystical Dragon
Warrior the one who's supposed to be
worthy of the Dragon scroll and capable
of defeating Tai Lung PO arrives of the
tournament to sell noodles but is unable
to actually see what's going on in the
tournament desperate to see what is
going on he strapped some fireworks to
himself and lands right in the middle of
the arena right azubu is selecting the
Dragon Warrior to everyone's surprise
poas proclaimed the Dragon Warrior chief
who believes that ouble is mistaken in
thinking po is the Dragon Warrior and
tries to get PO to quit which can be
seen through his training montage the
Furious Five are also not happy about
the selection especially tigress who
thought she should be the Dragon Warrior
herself
hoo-boy convinces Shifu to promise to
train poke an ube turns into a cloud of
peach blossoms presumably dying
Shifu realizes that po can perform some
amazing feats so long as he is motivated
by food and he uses this now at
in order to train po while po is
completing his training the Furious Five
set out to take on Tai Lung believing po
will be unable to defeat them
Tai Lung is quickly able to defeat the
Furious Five and continues to the valley
Shifu gives PO with the Dragons scroll
but it has revealed that there is
actually nothing on the scroll Shifu
believing the scroll is useless has the
Furious Five and po evacuate the valley
as Tai Lung arrives po finds his father
who decides to console po by telling him
the secret ingredient to his secret
ingredient soup that is super famous
telling him that nothing is actually the
secret ingredient Poe's father explains
that the soup is special because people
believe it is po tree Liza's that this
is the same concept that applies to the
Dragons role and that the limitless
power comes from within the Dragon
Warrior PO returns back to the temple to
fight Tai Lung before Tai Lung can kill
Shifu Po and Tai Lung fight while Tai
Lung tries to read the Dragons rule
Tai Lung eventually does read the scroll
but does not understand the message po
is able to defeat Tai Lung and the
valley is saved
the villagers rejoiced with the Furious
Five and Shifu attempts to attain inner
peace now that the valley is safe so
that was the spoilers for Kung Fu Panda
if you have another film you would like
to see me spoil please let me know in
the comments below check out movie's
spoiler alerts on our various forms of
social media and remember to Like and
subscribe thanks for watching